care
I was poisoned and had sex with you five years ago
I sent you a jade pendant.
Said to marry you
I'm sorry I slipped up
Do not care
I'll tell you later.
What have I experienced in the past 5 years?
But don't worry.
I will never leave you again
Thank you for giving me such a lovely daughter
Why did you leave for so long?
Where did you go?
I thought you didn't want us anymore.
I'm sorry, Mom and Dad, don't fight.
Mom and Dad didn't fight
Yueyue after us
never again
Don't be afraid of being called a child without a father
I am also a good child with parents.
Mom and Dad, look
Longjingtian, this kid is back
Uncle and aunt, hello, you bastard, how dare you come back?